Neighbor discovery protocol NDP has a number of functions with regards to IP version 6.
The first one is slack which again is stateless address order configuration.
A host can discover which subnet or Prefect's it belongs to a host or PC as an example could use its
MAC address for the host portion of an IP version 6 address but it needs to know which subnet it belongs
to which Prefect's it belongs to.
And the length of that Prefect's a router can dynamically allocate the network portion of the address
to a host using slack.
And I'm going to demonstrate that in a moment rodded discovery is how IP version 6 hosts discover routers
serrata discovery would be used by a host to determine the subnet that it belongs to the host again
needs to determine the network portion of an address and it can use Rotto discovery messages to do that
a duplicate address translation or dad is used by a host to determine that no other host is using the
same IP address.
We don't want to have duplicate addresses.
If by some reason they are two hosts on the same subnet using the same MAC address duplicated trace
detection can be used to determine if there are duplicate addresses and IP version 6 PC will first check
whether another host is using the same IP version 6 or unicast address as itself before it tries to
use that address.
In addition neighbor discovery protocol is used for neighbor Mokka discovery.
Is no ARP messages in IP version 6 ARP uses broadcasts.
Broadcasts are not supported in IP version 6.
So a different mechanism is required.
And again maybe discovery protocol is used to discover neighboring MAC addresses.
If a PC needs to ping another device on the same subnet it needs to know what to the MAC address is
of that neighboring device so determines the MAC address through neighbor Mac discovery NDP replaces
IP version 4 up.
So how do I pay version 6 hosts discover routers ICMP version 6 replaces IP version 4 ICMP.
Again there's a lot of similarity between the protocols IP version 6 ICMP supports echo requests and
Echo replies.
So you can use pings in the same way as you did an IP version 4.